README.md, before:

# Gruvbox Dark Discord Theme

A Gruvbox-inspired dark theme for Discord, designed for use with custom CSS loaders like [Vencord](https://vencord.dev/) or [GooseMod](https://goosemod.com/).

## Features
- Faithful Gruvbox color palette
- Consistent dark backgrounds (#282828)
- Custom accent colors for Discord UI
- Improved readability and aesthetics

## Installation
1. Download the `gruvbox-dark.theme.css` file from this repository.
2. Import it into your Discord client using a custom CSS loader (e.g., Vencord, GooseMod, or similar).
3. Enjoy the Gruvbox experience!

## Screenshot

| SS1 | SS2 | SS3 |
|---|---|---|
| <img src="Assets/ss1.png" alt="Main Chat View" style="padding:10px;"/> | <img src="Assets/ss2.png" alt="Server List & Sidebar" style="padding:10px;"/> | <img src="Assets/ss3.png" alt="User Profile & Modal" style="padding:10px;"/> |

## Credits
- Theme by [0xStraker](https://github.com/0xStraker)
- Inspired by the original [Gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox) color scheme

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

docs(README): add Vencord installation instructions with direct theme link

README.md, after:

# Gruvbox Dark Discord Theme

A Gruvbox-inspired dark theme for Discord, designed for use with custom CSS loaders like [Vencord](https://vencord.dev/) or [GooseMod](https://goosemod.com/).

## Features
- Faithful Gruvbox color palette
- Consistent dark backgrounds (#282828)
- Custom accent colors for Discord UI
- Improved readability and aesthetics

## Installation
1. Download the `gruvbox-dark.theme.css` file from this repository, or use the direct link below for Vencord.
2. **For Vencord users:**
   - Go to the Themes tab in your Vencord settings.
   - Paste the following URL into the custom theme input:
     ```
     https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0xStraker/gruvbox-discord-theme/refs/heads/main/gruvbox-dark.theme.css
     ```
3. For other clients, import the CSS file using your preferred custom CSS loader (e.g., GooseMod, etc.).
4. Enjoy the Gruvbox experience!

## Screenshot

| SS1 | SS2 | SS3 |
|---|---|---|
| <img src="Assets/ss1.png" alt="Main Chat View" style="padding:10px;"/> | <img src="Assets/ss2.png" alt="Server List & Sidebar" style="padding:10px;"/> | <img src="Assets/ss3.png" alt="User Profile & Modal" style="padding:10px;"/> |

## Credits
- Theme by [0xStraker](https://github.com/0xStraker)
- Inspired by the original [Gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox) color scheme

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
